Document ThrowOnEachFailureUnderDebugger option (#947)
nunit/docs: docs/articles/vs-test-adapter/Tips-And-Tricks.md

(From version 4.5.0)

#### ThrowOnEachFailureUnderDebugger

> If set, this setting will allow handled assert exception for each failue in `Assert.Multiple` block if the debugger
> is attached. The default is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If set, this setting will surface an assertion exception for each failure in an `Assert.Multiple` block if the debugger
is attached. The default is `false`.
```
